Make order setting mandatory for Realm config (#51195)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/migration/migrate_8_0/security.asciidoc

//Installation and Upgrade Guide

//tag::notable-breaking-changes[]
[float]
==== The realm `order` setting is required

> The `xpack.security.authc.realms.*.*.order` setting is now required and must be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `xpack.security.authc.realms.{type}.{name}.order` setting is now required and must be
```

> specified for each explicitly configured realms. Their values must be unique.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
specified for each explicitly configured realm. Each value must be unique.
```

The cluster will fail to start if the requirements are not met.

For example, the following configuration is invalid:
[source,yaml]
--------------------------------------------------

> xpack.security.authc.relams.kerberos.kerb1:

Reviewer 3: this is duplicated, I'll remove, it was from a review started in a different tab.

> xpack.security.authc.relams.kerberos.kerb1:

Author: Good catch thanks!
